[DO-519] Describe how to register a participant (#5)
gevamu/gevamu.github.io: content/4.examples/register-participant.draft.md

  MyPaymentService ..> GevamuFacade
```

> The Gevamu Payments Solution provides [`RegisterParticipantFlow`](https://gevamu.github.io/corda-payments-sdk/payments-workflows/com.gevamu.corda.flows/-register-participant-flow/index.html) as the flow for registration execution and [`ParticipantRegistration`](https://gevamu.github.io/corda-payments-sdk/payments-workflows/com.gevamu.corda.flows/-participant-registration/index.html) as the participant registration record. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gevamu Payments Solution provides [`RegisterParticipantFlow`](https://gevamu.github.io/corda-payments-sdk/payments-workflows/com.gevamu.corda.flows/-register-participant-flow/index.html) as the flow for registration and [`ParticipantRegistration`](https://gevamu.github.io/corda-payments-sdk/payments-workflows/com.gevamu.corda.flows/-participant-registration/index.html) as the participant registration record. 
```

## Registering a Participant Node using classes provided by Gevamu SDK 

> An example of calling the `RegisterParticipantFlow` is shown below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See an example of calling `RegisterParticipantFlow` below: 
```

```kotlin
import com.gevamu.corda.flows.ParticipantRegistration
import com.gevamu.corda.flows.RegisterParticipantFlow
import net.corda.core.identity.Party
import net.corda.core.node.services.CordaService

class GevamuFacade {
  
  fun registerParticipant(gateway: Party): ParticipantRegistration {
        val flowHandle = serviceHub.startFlow(RegisterParticipantFlow(gateway))
        return flowHandle.returnValue.get()
    }
}
```

> The `RegisterParticipantFlow` requests registration from the particular Gevamu Gateway node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RegisterParticipantFlow` requests registration from the Gevamu Gateway node identified via the `Party` instance.
```

> The Gateway required for registration is identified via instance of `Party` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Depending on how you design your CorDapp, the flow to register the participant node can be started with an RPC call or using the [`serviceHub`](https://docs.r3.com/en/api-ref/corda/4.8/open-source/kotlin/corda/net.corda.core.node/-service-hub/index.html) as in the example above. 

> After successful registration, the Gateway node returns the participant registration record with a Participant Id and the BNO Network Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon successful registration, the Gateway node returns the participant registration record with the Participant ID and the BNO Network ID.
```

> The structure of the data class `ParticipantRegistration` is shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure of the `ParticipantRegistration`  data class is shown below.
```
